[Enhancement] - ServiceNow - Non-Interactive OAuth2 for v2 Integration (#42975)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/README.md

To use OAuth 2.0 authorization follow the next steps:

1. Login to your ServiceNow instance and create an endpoint for XSOAR to access your instance (please see [Snow OAuth](https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/xanadu-platform-security/page/administer/security/concept/c_OAuthApplications.html) for more information).

> 2. Copy the `Client Id` and `Client Secret` (press the lock next to the client secret to reveal it) that were automatically generated when creating the endpoint into the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` fields of the instance configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the **Client Id** and **Client Secret** (click the lock next to the client secret to reveal it) that were automatically generated when creating the endpoint into the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** fields of the integration instance configuration.
```
